Add Catalyst demos (#1076)
PennyLaneAI/qml: _static/authors/ali_asadi.txt

.. bio:: Ali Asadi
   :photo: ../_static/authors/ali_asadi.png

>    Ali is a senior quantum software developer and Technical Lead of Performance at Xanadu. He specializes in the realm of high-performance computing, effectively implementing and fine-tuning algorithms across the PennyLane stack.

Author: @maliasadi I'm in the process of porting over your adaptive VQE demo, please feel free to edit your bio!

Reviewer: Thanks @josh146! I'd add "simulators and classical-quantum workflows" to allusively point my work in Lightning simulators and Catalyst if sounds okay :slightly_smiling_face: 
 
```suggestion
.. bio:: Ali Asadi
   :photo: ../_static/authors/ali_asadi.png

   Ali is a senior quantum software developer and Technical Lead of Performance at Xanadu. He specializes in the realm of high-performance computing, effectively implementing and fine-tuning simulators and classical-quantum workflows across the PennyLane stack.
```
